README.md, before:

# Workshop - Introduction to machine learning using Python on AWS

In this workshop you will train a machine learning model based on a sample use case using structured data. This workshop is intended for novice machine learning practitioners with no prior ML experience!

We will start with data preparation using Pandas and then train an XGBoost classification model on our notebook instance. Finally we will learn how to take our first step to productionizing this model utilizing Amazon SageMaker Training jobs and endpoints.

## Prerequisites:

The first part of this workshop requires a running Jupyter notebook environment, for Lab 3 you will require an AWS account and a JupyterLab environment like SageMaker Studio.

If you are at an AWS event, follow [this link](https://dashboard.eventengine.run/login) and type in the event hash to get access to an AWS account:


## Getting started

To get started clone the repository and open [01-Lab-Data-Prep-with-Pandas.ipynb](01-Lab-Data-Prep-with-Pandas.ipynb) in Jupyter.

### Detailed getting started instructions using SageMaker Studio:

1. Open [AWS console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/console/home)
1. Type in SageMaker into the search box and open SageMaker
    ![doc/console.jpg](doc/console.jpg)
1. Select Studio on the left

    ![doc/left-nav.jpg](doc/left-nav.jpg)
1. Select Launch Studio

    ![doc/launch-studio.jpg](doc/launch-studio.jpg)
1. Select Launch App --> Studio

    ![doc/start-studio.jpg](doc/start-studio.jpg)
1. Open System Terminal 

    ![doc/start-studio.jpg](doc/system-terminal.jpg)
1. Clone the repository 
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/johanneslanger/ml-immersion-day
    ```
1. Then open following notebook using the filebrowser on the left:
`ml-immersion-day/01-Lab-Data-Prep-with-Pandas.ipynb`
1. When asked to "Set up notebook environment" accept the default settings and hit `Select`:

Commit message:

Cleaned notebooks and added instructions for SM Studio image

README.md, after:

# Workshop - Introduction to machine learning using Python on AWS

In this workshop you will train a machine learning model based on a sample use case using structured data. This workshop is intended for novice machine learning practitioners with no prior ML experience!

We will start with data preparation using Pandas and then train an XGBoost classification model on our notebook instance. Finally we will learn how to take our first step to productionizing this model utilizing Amazon SageMaker Training jobs and endpoints.

## Prerequisites:

The first part of this workshop requires a running Jupyter notebook environment, for Lab 3 you will require an AWS account and a JupyterLab environment like SageMaker Studio.

If you are at an AWS event, follow [this link](https://dashboard.eventengine.run/login) and type in the event hash to get access to an AWS account:


## Getting started

To get started clone the repository and open [01-Lab-Data-Prep-with-Pandas.ipynb](01-Lab-Data-Prep-with-Pandas.ipynb) in Jupyter. Make sure you have the latest version of Pandas installed.

### Detailed getting started instructions using SageMaker Studio:

1. Open [AWS console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/console/home)
1. Type in SageMaker into the search box and open SageMaker
    ![doc/console.jpg](doc/console.jpg)
1. Select Studio on the left

    ![doc/left-nav.jpg](doc/left-nav.jpg)
1. Select Launch Studio

    ![doc/launch-studio.jpg](doc/launch-studio.jpg)
1. Select Launch App --> Studio

    ![doc/start-studio.jpg](doc/start-studio.jpg)
1. Open System Terminal 

    ![doc/start-studio.jpg](doc/system-terminal.jpg)
1. Clone the repository 
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/johanneslanger/ml-immersion-day
    ```
1. Then open following notebook using the filebrowser on the left:
`ml-immersion-day/01-Lab-Data-Prep-with-Pandas.ipynb`
1. When asked to "Set up notebook environment" make sure to select `Data Science 2.0` image and hit `Select`:
        ![doc/select-image.jpg](doc/select-image.jpg)
        Note: loading the notebook and Kernel can take a couple of seconds.
